Require reducers to define a monoid (#363)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/API/core/builtinreducers/ReducerConcept.rst

    * Returns a view of the result place.

Requirements
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The reducer is assumend to define a commutative monoid with respect to the value type it is used with, i.e., the binary operation

.. code-block:: cpp

    value_type op(const value_type& val1, const value_type& val2) {
      value_type result = val1;
      reducer.join(result, val2);
      return result;
    }

> is commutative and associative with identity element defined by ``reducer.init(el)``.

Reviewer: > with identity element defined by ``reducer.init(el)``.

Sounds a bit weird to me but not sure how to improve.

Reviewer 2: per discussion: with identity element that can be set by calling ``reducer.init(el)``.

Author: ```suggestion
is commutative and associative with identity element that can be set by calling ``reducer.init(el)``.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: We could also go with a "non-mathy" explanation:
```c++
auto foo(auto reducer, auto val1, auto val2) {
   auto result = val1;
   reducer.join(result, val2);
   return result;
}
```

returns `val` for both `foo(reducer, init, val)` and `foo(reducer, val, init)` where `init` is a value set by calling `reducer.init(init)`.

Reviewer: I think your suggestion is a bit more appropriate for the wiki.

Reviewer: Do you want to open a PR for it?
